unheard started in January by drafting a
letter of seven grievances that we
addressed to the University and we
hand-delivered it to every Dean on
campus and the letter just overall
pushes for seven different grievances
that affect the black community on our
campus that we are trying to bring light
to and trying to foster change within
administration as well as campus culture
one of our grievances the Sooner
experience was something that was
affected by the SAE video that was
released and so everybody kind of just
turned to us seeing what we had been
doing over the past couple months and
kind of looked to us to do something and
so we did start a hashtag to release
that video and since then we've been
talking a lot of people about our or our
movement excuse me we're not an
organization we're a movement and the
letter that we've written and the
changes that we've made and the
conversations that we've had with the
president in the university when school
resumes again I hope that the dialogue
is still going really not about this a
video in itself but about the bigger
picture about improving the university
climate for all minorities not just
black students I'm not worried about
anything thus far because like I said
everything that we've done has been
peaceful we are we love the university
we are siding with the university we
were behind the university we've been
working together the past previous
couple months and everything has been
great everything has been beneficial
everything has been good so to be
worried I have no reason to be worried
we haven't done anything destructive or
or bothered anybody really were just
looking for improvement on campus I
would just like for it to tell everyone
that you know we are working hard to
have our seven grievances recognized and
the president is working hard right
beside us and we're very excited to see
the changes that are coming on our
university one of the biggest changes
being a new vice president of diversity
which is something that we were
requested in our sixth grievance in our
letter so we're very excited to see the
changes that are coming and moving
forward with our University
you